ci: Don't install for lock (#39)
holoviz-dev/holoviz_tasks: README.md

# holoviz_tasks

Shared GHA workflows and tasks used to maintain the HoloViz repositories

## Release

> To make an releasetag the commit with the version number and push it to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a release tag the commit with the version number and push it to the repo.
```

```bash
git tag -a v0.1.X -m "Version 0.1.X"
git push --tags v0.1.X
```

> Afterwards merge the commits up tag into `v0` branch. This is branch is used across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards merge the commits up tag into `v0` branch. This branch is used across
```

> Afterwards merge the commits up tag into `v0` branch. This is branch is used across

Reviewer: I had a look at other Github actions (setup-python, checkout) and they use a tag instead of a branch for v0, v1, etc.

I assume they do something along these lines (not tested):

```
git tag -a v0.1.X -m "Version 0.1.X"
git tag -a --force v0 -m "Version 0"
git push origin v0.1.X v0 --force
```

Author: I tried that, but I felt it was insincere to have a tag that keeps changing, whereas it is expected for a branch.

Reviewer: Ok fair enough.
